# Portfolio Website

This repository includes all files necessary to build and run my portfolio website. 
I am developing with Visual Studio, Node.js, Vite, and React.
I started this project to fulfill multiple needs:

1. Showing physical proof of my skills to employers
2. Finding a way to easily organize all my work from college
3. Practicing and improving on my website development skills

| **Name** | *Description* |
| ----------- | ----------- |
| **/public** | *Contains all images* |
| **/src** | *Contains all code and data for the website* |
| **/index.html** | *Root HTML for React rendering* |
| **/package.json and /package-lock.json** | *Dependency and other project information generated by Node.js and npm* |
| **/vite.config.js** | *Server deployment config generated by Vite* |
| **/portfoliowebsite.esproj** | *Build information generated by Visual Studio* |

## Current State

I have achieved a minimum viable product!
All images on the website are currently placeholders, as I'm a bit split between actually making the content and developing the website to show the content.
Right now it's a simple, pretty, static website - set up on Github pages.

## Current Focus

Much to be done! First and foremost, fixing sizing and automatic resizing by viewport dimensions. I use a monitor with 16:10 aspect ratio, which cause some issues on other screens.
Then, implementing pages for each project and update card. I know there's a sort-of automatic way, but I need to research more.
Once that very important step is done, on to content creation, animated media, possibly messing around with State.

## Next Steps
I still ned to look into moving from JavaScript to Typescript.

- [] Responsive sizing
- [] Projects pages
- [] Updates pages
- [] Updates contents
- [] Media (images, gifs, etc.)


